feat: improvements on glossary Adobe Flash (#34098)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/adobe_flash/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> [**Flash**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Flash) is an _obsolete_ technology developed by Adobe for viewing expressive web applications, multimedia content, and streaming media. It can be used in a web {{glossary("browser")}} using the Flash Player {{glossary("plugin")}}, which was available for most desktop and mobile platforms till 2021 the end of life of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Flash**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Flash) is an _obsolete_ technology developed by Adobe for viewing expressive web applications, multimedia content, and streaming media. It can be used in a web {{glossary("browser")}} using the Flash Player {{glossary("plugin")}}, which was available for most desktop and mobile platforms until reaching end-of-life in 2021.
```
